Prepare release notes and docs for 1.8.0 (#757)
elastic/apm-agent-java: CHANGELOG.md

> # next (1.8.0)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# 1.8.0
```

 * Added support for Spring's JMS flavor - instrumenting `org.springframework.jms.listener.SessionAwareMessageListener`
 * Added support to legacy ApacheHttpClient APIs (which adds support to Axis2 configured to use ApacheHttpClient)
 * Added support for setting [`server_urls`](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/apm/agent/java/1.x/config-reporter.html#config-server-urls) dynamically via properties file [#723](https://github.com/elastic/apm-agent-java/issues/723)
 * Added [`config_file`](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/apm/agent/java/current/config-core.html#config-config-file) option 
 * Added option to use `@javax.ws.rs.Path` value as transaction name [`use_jaxrs_path_as_transaction_name`](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/apm/agent/java/current/config-jax-rs.html#config-use-jaxrs-path-as-transaction-name)
 * Instrument quartz jobs ([docs](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/apm/agent/java/current/supported-technologies-details.html#supported-scheduling-frameworks))
 * SQL parsing improvements (#696)
 * Introduce priorities for transaction name (#748)
 

>    Now uses a transaction name according to [`use_path_as_transaction_name`](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/apm/agent/java/current/config-http.html#config-use-path-as-transaction-name)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Now uses the path as transaction name if [`use_path_as_transaction_name`](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/apm/agent/java/current/config-http.html#config-use-path-as-transaction-name) is set to `true`
```
